docs/UserGuide.md, before:

# User Guide

Team Name: AY2021S1-CS2103T-T09-4 Since: August 2020

## Table of Contents

- [1. What is GreenTea? (Gabriel)](#1-what-is-greentea-gabriel)
- [2. About This Document (Gabriel)](#2-about-this-document-gabriel)
- [3. Getting Started (Gabriel)](#3-lets-get-started-gabriel)
- [4. Features (Melanie)]()
    - [4.1 Deck Commands (Melanie)](#4-deck-commands-melanie)
      - [4.1.1 Creating a deck: new](#creating-a-deck-new)
      - [4.1.2 Removing a deck: remove](#removing-a-deck-remove)
      - [4.1.3 Selecting a deck: select](#selecting-a-deck-select)
    - [4.2. Entry Commands (Vignesh)](#5-entry-commands-gabriel)
      - [4.2.1 Adding a new entry: add](#adding-a-new-entry-add-vignesh)
      - [4.2.2 Editing an entry: edit](#editing-an-entry-edit-vignesh)
      - [4.2.3 Deleting an entry: delete](#deleting-an-entry-delete-vignesh)
    - [4.3. FlashCard Commands (Georgie)](#6-play-commands-georgie)
      - [4.3.1 Editing an entry: edit](#editing-an-entry-edit-vignesh)
      - [4.3.2 Deleting an entry: delete](#deleting-an-entry-delete-vignesh)
    - [4.4. Extra Commands (Georgie)](#8-extra-commands-georgie)
      - [4.4.1 Viewing help: help](#viewing-help-help)
      - [4.4.2 Exiting the program: exit](#exiting-the-program-exit)
- [5. Data Analytics (Melanie)]()
- [6. FAQ (Gabriel)](#10-faq-gabriel)
- [7. Command Summary (Melanie)](#11-command-summary-gabriel)

# 1. What is GreenTea? (Gabriel)

GreenTea is a **desktop app for learning a new language, optimized for use via a Command Line Interface** (CLI) while
still having the benefits of a Graphical User Interface (GUI). GreenTea uses a proven memory rentention 
system known as the [Leitner System](https://medium.com/@jessewhelan/using-the-leitner-system-to-improve-your-study-d5edafae7f0)  and implements it in the context of a Flashcard game. This app is great for users who wish to
optimise their time learning a new language. In this User Guide (UG), you will learn about the various commands and
actions that would allow you to use GreenTea seamlessly.

![GreenTea](images/Placeholder.png)

# 2. About This Document (Gabriel)

Welcome to the GreenTea User Guide!

We at GreenTea are happy that you have taken your first few steps towards optimising your learning. We at GreenTea know that
learning a new language can be **hard** and **intimidating**. Trust us when we say we know **exactly** what you're
going through and we feel **frustrated** just as much you do.

That's why here at GreenTea, we have come up with this neat
user guide to help **you** hit the ground running. With this foolproof User Guide, learning a new
language will be as relaxing as drinking a hot cup of GreenTea.

# 3. Getting Started (Gabriel)

Before you can start using GreenTea, you will need to ensure that [Java 11](https://www.java.com/en/)
is installed on your computer.

To start using GreenTea:

1. Download the latest jar file [here](https://github.com/AY2021S1-CS2103T-T09-4/tp/releases/new)
2. Copy the jar file to your folder of choice (we recommend on your desktop!)
3. Double-Click the file to start the application. The GUI should appear in a few seconds
![GreenTea](images/Placeholder.png)
4. Typing the commands into the command box and pressing enter will execute the commands \
e.g. Typing `new Japanese Animals` will create a new Deck called Japanese Animals 
5. Try typing these commands to start playing with GreenTea 
    - `new Japanese Animals`: Creates a new Deck called `Japanese Animals`
    - `select 1` selects the first Deck `Japanese Animals`
    - `add w/Dolphin t/Iruka`: Adds a new Entry into the selected deck with the word `Dolphin` and the translation `Iruka`
    - `edit 1 t/イルカ`: Edits first Entry and change the existing translation `Iruka` into `イルカ`
6. Refer to [Chapter 4 Features](#features) for a detailed explanation for each command.

# 4. Features

__Command Format__

- Words in `<Arrowed Brackets>` are parameters supplied by you. They are generally names or translations that
are unique to each input. \
e.g `new <NAME OF NEW DECK>` is a command that creates a new deck with the supplied parameter, `NAME OF NEW DECK`  
- Words in `[Square Brackets]` are optional parameters. They may or may not be added by __at least one__ is required \
e.g The edit command `edit 1 [w/word] [t/translation]` can be written as `edit 1 [w/word]` or `edit 1 [t/translation]`
or `edit 1 [w/word] [t/translation]` __but cannot be written as__ `edit 1`

## 4.1 Deck Commands (Melanie)

Decks are the foundation to GreenTea. A deck is simply a list of entries
you write into GreenTea. A deck can be your favourite Chinese idioms, a list of beverages in Japanese,
or even some romantic phrases in French!

### 4.1.1 Creating a deck: `new`

Creates a new empty deck with the name provided.

Format: `new <NAME OF NEW DECK>`

Examples: `new Japanese-Animals`,
`new Korean Dramas`

Result: 

![GreenTea](images/Placeholder.png)

### 4.1.2 Removing a deck: `remove`

Removes a particular deck from GreenTea

Format: `remove <INDEX OF DECK>`

**Note:** to get the index of a deck, you may view it on the GUI. It would be the number displayed beside a particular deck

Example: `remove 1`

Result: 

![GreenTea](images/Placeholder.png)

### 4.1.3 Selecting a deck: `select`

Selects a deck to perform entry-level operations on

Format: `select <INDEX OF DECK>`

**Note:** to get the index of a deck, you may view it on the GUI. It would be the number displayed beside a particular deck

Examples: `select 1`

Result: 

![GreenTea](images/Placeholder.png)
## 4.2 Entry Commands (Gabriel)

Entries are what make up a deck. They are the words or phrases that you wish to memorise in GreenTea.
An entry is made up of two parts; the `word` and the `translation`. The `word` is written in the
language you are most familiar and the `translation` is written in the language you wish to learn. In
this User Guide, we will be assuming the language for `word` will be in English.

Before you start adding a new entry, remember to [select a deck first!](#selecting-a-deck-select)

Fun fact: Did you know GreenTea supports over 100 languages including Telugu, Welsh and Xamtanga? To
see if your chosen language is supported, click [here!](http://www.unicode.org/charts/index.html)

### 4.2.1 Adding a new entry: `add` (Vignesh)

Adds a new entry to the word bank.

Format: `add w/<WORD> t/<TRANSLATION>`

Examples:

- `add w/Fruits t/果物`
- `add w/Why aren’t they here yet? t/どうして彼らはまだここにいないの`

Result: 

![GreenTea](images/Placeholder.png)

### 4.2.2 Editing an entry: `edit` (Vignesh)

Edits an entry whose index is `<INDEX>`, replacing the original word with `<WORD>` and its translation with `<TRANSLATION>`.
You may provide either `<WORD>` or `<TRANSLATION>`, or both and only the one(s) provided will replace the original(s).

Format: `edit 1 [w/word] [t/translation]` 

**Note:** to get the index of an entry, you may run `list` - the index would be shown beside its respective entry

Examples:

- `edit 1 w/hello` edits the word in `entry#1` to `hello`.
- `edit 1 t/こんにちは` edits the translation in `entry#1` to `こんにちは`
- `edit 1 w/hello t/こんにちは` edits the word and translation in `entry#1` to `hello` and `こんにちは` respectively.

Result: 

![GreenTea](images/Placeholder.png)

### 4.2.3 Deleting an entry: `delete` (Vignesh)

Deletes the entry whose index is `INDEX`.

Format: `delete <INDEX>`

**Note:** to get the index of an entry, you may run `list` - the index would be shown beside its respective entry

## 4.3 Play Commands (Georgie)

## 4.3.1 Play Commands (Georgie)

Result: 

![GreenTea](images/Placeholder.png)

## 4.3.2 Stop Commands (Georgie)
Starts a quiz with questions from the selected deck. This also causes a transition from the `LOBBY` to `QUIZ` phase and the command is only allowed to be executed while in the `LOBBY` phase.

Format: `play d/<DECK_ID>`

Examples:

- `play d/1`

Result: 

![GreenTea](images/Placeholder.png)

## 4.4 Extra Commands (Georgie)

These are some commands in the pipeline to be implemented:

### 4.4.1 Viewing help: `help`

Shows a cheat-sheet of commands in addition to a link to this User Guide.

Format: `help`

Result: 

![GreenTea](images/Placeholder.png)

### 4.4.2 Exiting the program: `exit`

Exits the program.

Format: `exit`

Result: 

![GreenTea](images/Placeholder.png)

## 5. Data Analytics (Melanie)

Result: 

![GreenTea](images/Placeholder.png)

## 6. FAQ (Gabriel)

**Q**: How do I transfer my data to another Computer?<br>
**A**: Install the app in the other computer and overwrite the empty data file it creates with the file that contains the data of your previous GreenTea home folder.

---

## 7. Command Summary (Gabriel)

| Action                                                                                             | Format  <img width=00/>                                                                           |Examples <img width=400/>|Remarks|
| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------|--------|
| **New**                                                                                            | `new <NAME OF NEW DECK>` | `new Japanese-Animals`   |Creates a New Deck With the Given Name          |
| **Remove**                                                                                         | `remove <INDEXOF DECK>`  |`remove 1`    |Removes the Deck with the Given Index          |
| **Select**                                                                                         | `select <INDEXOF DECK>`  |`select 1`    |Selects the Deck with the Given Index and Lists All It's Entries         |
| **Add**                                                                                            | `add w/<WORD> t/<TRANSLATION>` | `add w/Hello t/hola`       |Adds an Entry with the Given Word and Translation to the Selected Deck|
| **Edit**                                                                                           | `edit 1 [w/word] [t/translation]` | `edit 1 w/hello t/こんにちは`   | Edits the Entry with the Given Index Using the Given Values|
| **Delete**                                                                                         | `delete <INDEX>` | `delete 3`                                                                     | Deletes the Entry with the Given Index|
| **Play**                                                                                          | `play`                                                                                              |  | Starts a New FlashCard Game with the Selected Deck
| **Stop**                                                                                           | `stop`       | | Stops an Existing Game
| **Clear**                                                                                          | `clear`                                                                                              |  | Deletes All Decks and Entries
| **Help**                                                                                           | `help`       | | Opens Our User Guide in the Application|
| **Exit**                                                                                           | `exit`                                                                                               |  | Saves and Exits the Program

Commit message:

Edit deck and entry commands

docs/UserGuide.md, after:

# User Guide

Team Name: AY2021S1-CS2103T-T09-4 Since: August 2020

## Table of Contents

- [1. What is GreenTea? (Gabriel)](#1-what-is-greentea-gabriel)
- [2. About This Document (Gabriel)](#2-about-this-document-gabriel)
- [3. Getting Started (Gabriel)](#3-lets-get-started-gabriel)
- [4. Features (Melanie)]()
    - [4.1 Deck Commands (Melanie)](#4-deck-commands-melanie)
      - [4.1.1 Creating a deck: new](#creating-a-deck-new)
      - [4.1.2 Removing a deck: remove](#removing-a-deck-remove)
      - [4.1.3 Selecting a deck: select](#selecting-a-deck-select)
    - [4.2. Entry Commands (Vignesh)](#5-entry-commands-gabriel)
      - [4.2.1 Adding a new entry: add](#adding-a-new-entry-add-vignesh)
      - [4.2.2 Editing an entry: edit](#editing-an-entry-edit-vignesh)
      - [4.2.3 Deleting an entry: delete](#deleting-an-entry-delete-vignesh)
    - [4.3. FlashCard Commands (Georgie)](#6-play-commands-georgie)
      - [4.3.1 Editing an entry: edit](#editing-an-entry-edit-vignesh)
      - [4.3.2 Deleting an entry: delete](#deleting-an-entry-delete-vignesh)
    - [4.4. Extra Commands (Georgie)](#8-extra-commands-georgie)
      - [4.4.1 Viewing help: help](#viewing-help-help)
      - [4.4.2 Exiting the program: exit](#exiting-the-program-exit)
- [5. Data Analytics (Melanie)]()
- [6. FAQ (Gabriel)](#10-faq-gabriel)
- [7. Command Summary (Melanie)](#11-command-summary-gabriel)

# 1. What is GreenTea? (Gabriel)

GreenTea is a **desktop app for learning a new language, optimized for use via a Command Line Interface** (CLI) while
still having the benefits of a Graphical User Interface (GUI). GreenTea uses a proven memory rentention 
system known as the [Leitner System](https://medium.com/@jessewhelan/using-the-leitner-system-to-improve-your-study-d5edafae7f0)  and implements it in the context of a FlashCard game. This app is great for users who wish to
optimise their time learning a new language. In this User Guide (UG), you will learn about the various commands and
actions that would allow you to use GreenTea seamlessly.

![GreenTea](images/Placeholder.png)

# 2. About This Document (Gabriel)

Welcome to the GreenTea User Guide!

We at GreenTea are happy that you have taken your first few steps towards optimising your learning. We at GreenTea know that
learning a new language can be **hard** and **intimidating**. Trust us when we say we know **exactly** what you're
going through and we feel **frustrated** just as much you do.

That's why here at GreenTea, we have come up with this neat
user guide to help **you** hit the ground running. With this foolproof User Guide, learning a new
language will be as relaxing as drinking a hot cup of GreenTea.

# 3. Getting Started (Gabriel)

Before you can start using GreenTea, you will need to ensure that [Java 11](https://www.java.com/en/)
is installed on your computer.

To start using GreenTea:

1. Download the latest jar file [here](https://github.com/AY2021S1-CS2103T-T09-4/tp/releases/new)
2. Copy the jar file to your folder of choice (we recommend on your desktop!)
3. Double-Click the file to start the application. The GUI should appear in a few seconds
![GreenTea](images/Placeholder.png)
4. Typing the commands into the command box and pressing enter will execute the commands \
e.g. Typing `new Japanese Animals` will create a new Deck called Japanese Animals 
5. Try typing these commands to start playing with GreenTea 
    - `new Japanese Animals`: Creates a new Deck called `Japanese Animals`
    - `select 1` selects the first Deck `Japanese Animals`
    - `add w/Dolphin t/Iruka`: Adds a new Entry into the selected deck with the word `Dolphin` and the translation `Iruka`
    - `edit 1 t/イルカ`: Edits first Entry and change the existing translation `Iruka` into `イルカ`
6. Refer to [Chapter 4 Features](#features) for a detailed explanation for each command.

# 4. Features

Every feature can be accessed with a command and every command has a certain format that 
has to be followed. The following is an explanation of how commands are described in this document.

__Command Format__

- Words in `<Arrowed Brackets>` are compulsory parameters supplied by you. They are generally names or translations that
are unique to each input. \
e.g `new <NAME OF NEW DECK>` is a command that creates a new deck with the supplied parameter, `NAME OF NEW DECK`  
- Words in `[Square Brackets]` are optional parameters. They may or may not be added by __at least one__ is required \
e.g The edit command `edit 1 [w/word] [t/translation]` can be written as `edit 1 [w/word]` or `edit 1 [t/translation]`
or `edit 1 [w/word] [t/translation]` __but cannot be written as__ `edit 1`

## 4.1 Deck Commands (Melanie)

Decks are the foundation to GreenTea. A deck is simply a list of entries
you write into GreenTea. A deck can be your favourite Chinese idioms, a list of beverages in Japanese,
or even some romantic phrases in French!

### 4.1.1 Creating a deck: `new`

Creates a new empty deck with given name.

Format: `new <NAME OF NEW DECK>`

Examples: 
- `new Japanese-Animals`
- `new Korean Dramas`

Result: 

![GreenTea](images/Placeholder.png)

### 4.1.2 Removing a deck: `remove`

Removes a deck with the given index.

Format: `remove <INDEX OF DECK>`

**Note:** to get the index of a deck, you may view it on the GUI. It would be the number displayed beside a particular deck

Example: `remove 1`

Result: 

![GreenTea](images/Placeholder.png)

### 4.1.3 Selecting a deck: `select`

Selects a deck with the given index and lists all of it's entries.

Format: `select <INDEX OF DECK>`

**Note:** The index of the deck is the number displayed it on the user interface.

Examples: `select 1`

Result: 

![GreenTea](images/Placeholder.png)
## 4.2 Entry Commands (Gabriel)

Entries are what make up a deck. They are the words or phrases that you wish to memorise in GreenTea.
An entry is made up of two parts; the `word` and the `translation`. The `word` is written in the
language you are most familiar and the `translation` is written in the language you wish to learn. In
this User Guide, we will be assuming the language for `word` will be in English.

**Note:** Before you start adding a new entry, remember to [select a deck first!](#selecting-a-deck-select)

Fun fact: Did you know GreenTea supports over 100 languages including Telugu, Welsh and Xamtanga? To
see if your chosen language is supported, click [here!](http://www.unicode.org/charts/index.html)

### 4.2.1 Adding a new entry: `add` (Vignesh)

Adds a new entry with the given word and translation.

Format: `add w/<WORD> t/<TRANSLATION>`

Examples:

- `add w/Fruits t/果物`
- `add w/Why aren’t they here yet? t/どうして彼らはまだここにいないの`

Result: 

![GreenTea](images/Placeholder.png)

### 4.2.2 Editing an entry: `edit` (Vignesh)

Edits an entry with the given index using the given word or translation or both.

Format: `edit 1 [w/word] [t/translation]` 

**Note:** The word and translation are both optional parameters. You can supply one parameter or both parameters but 
you must supply at least one.

Examples:
- `edit 1 w/hello` 
- `edit 1 t/こんにちは` 
- `edit 1 w/hello t/こんにちは` 

Result: 

![GreenTea](images/Placeholder.png)

### 4.2.3 Deleting an entry: `delete` (Vignesh)

Deletes the entry with the given index.

Format: `delete <INDEX>`

Result: 

![GreenTea](images/Placeholder.png)

## 4.3 Play Commands (Georgie)



## 4.3.1 Play Commands (Georgie)

Result: 

![GreenTea](images/Placeholder.png)

## 4.3.2 Stop Commands (Georgie)
Starts a quiz with questions from the selected deck. This also causes a transition from the `LOBBY` to `QUIZ` phase and the command is only allowed to be executed while in the `LOBBY` phase.

Format: `play d/<DECK_ID>`

Examples:

- `play d/1`

Result: 

![GreenTea](images/Placeholder.png)

## 4.4 Extra Commands (Georgie)

These are some commands in the pipeline to be implemented:

### 4.4.1 Viewing help: `help`

Shows a cheat-sheet of commands in addition to a link to this User Guide.

Format: `help`

Result: 

![GreenTea](images/Placeholder.png)

### 4.4.2 Exiting the program: `exit`

Exits the program.

Format: `exit`

Result: 

![GreenTea](images/Placeholder.png)

## 5. Data Analytics (Melanie)

Result: 

![GreenTea](images/Placeholder.png)

## 6. FAQ (Gabriel)

**Q**: How do I transfer my data to another Computer?<br>
**A**: Install the app in the other computer and overwrite the empty data file it creates with the file that contains the data of your previous GreenTea home folder.

---

## 7. Command Summary (Gabriel)

| Action                                                                                             | Format  <img width=00/>                                                                           |Examples <img width=400/>|Remarks|
| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------|--------|
| **New**                                                                                            | `new <NAME OF NEW DECK>` | `new Japanese-Animals`   |Creates a New Deck With the Given Name          |
| **Remove**                                                                                         | `remove <INDEXOF DECK>`  |`remove 1`    |Removes the Deck with the Given Index          |
| **Select**                                                                                         | `select <INDEXOF DECK>`  |`select 1`    |Selects the Deck with the Given Index and Lists All It's Entries         |
| **Add**                                                                                            | `add w/<WORD> t/<TRANSLATION>` | `add w/Hello t/hola`       |Adds an Entry with the Given Word and Translation to the Selected Deck|
| **Edit**                                                                                           | `edit 1 [w/word] [t/translation]` | `edit 1 w/hello t/こんにちは`   | Edits the Entry with the Given Index Using the Given Values|
| **Delete**                                                                                         | `delete <INDEX>` | `delete 3`                                                                     | Deletes the Entry with the Given Index|
| **Play**                                                                                          | `play`                                                                                              |  | Starts a New FlashCard Game with the Selected Deck
| **Stop**                                                                                           | `stop`       | | Stops an Existing Game
| **Clear**                                                                                          | `clear`                                                                                              |  | Deletes All Decks and Entries
| **Help**                                                                                           | `help`       | | Opens Our User Guide in the Application|
| **Exit**                                                                                           | `exit`                                                                                               |  | Saves and Exits the Program
